Create document for master nodes disaster recovery (#682)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-disaster-recovery-restore-master-nodes.adoc

= Recover Lost Master Node
This chapter describes how to recover {productname} master nodes.

== Replace Single Master Node
1. Remove the failed master node with skuba.
+
Replace <NODE_NAME> with failed cluster master node name.
+
```bash
skuba node remove <NODE_NAME>
```
2. Delete failed master node from `known_hosts`.
+
Replace <NODE_IP> with failed master node IP address.
+
```bash
sed -i "/<NODE_IP>/d" known_hosts
```
3. Prepare new instance.
4. Use `skuba` to join master node from step 3.
+
Replace <NODE_IP> with the new master node ip address.
+
Replace <NODE_NAME> with the new master node name.
+
```bash

> skuba node join --role=master --user=sles --sudo --target <NODE_IP> <NODE_NAME>

Reviewer: Would the username always `sles`? :thinking:

Author: No. I will fix this. Thanks.

 -v /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd:/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd\
 --entrypoint "" ${ETCD_IMAGE} /bin/bash -c "\
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl\
 --endpoints=https://${ENDPOINT}:2379\
 --cacert=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt\
 --cert=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/healthcheck-client.crt\
 --key=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/healthcheck-client.key\
 member add ${NODE_NAME} --peer-urls=https://${NODE_IP}:2380"
```
+
Podman:
+
```bash
ETCD_IMAGE=`grep image: /etc/kubernetes/manifests/etcd.yaml | awk '{print $2}'`
ENDPOINT=<ENDPOINT_IP>
NODE_NAME="<NODE_NAME>"
NODE_IP="<NODE_IP>"

sudo podman run\
 -v /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd:/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd\
 --network host\
 --entrypoint "" ${ETCD_IMAGE} /bin/bash -c "\
ETCDCTL_API=3 etcdctl\
 --endpoints=https://${ENDPOINT}:2379\
 --cacert=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt\
 --cert=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/healthcheck-client.crt\
 --key=/etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/healthcheck-client.key\
 member add ${NODE_NAME} --peer-urls=https://${NODE_IP}:2380"
```

8. Remote to node on step 7.
9. Start etcd.
+
```
cp /tmp/etcd.yaml /etc/kubernetes/manifests/
```
10. Repeat step 7, 8, 9 to recover all remain master nodes.

//TODO: dont know how to write hint. Please help to fix this.

> HINT: A successful restore will show master nodes in etcd member list `started`, and all kubernetes nodes in `STATUS Ready`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After restoring, execute below commands to confirm a successful restore and the cluster should be back to healthy state including master nodes in etcd member list `started` and the status of all nodes is `Ready`.
```
